Topics update (#2081)
github/explore: topics/csg/index.md

---
aliases:  constructive-solid-geometry, constructive-solid-geometries
display_name: Constructive Solid Geometry
related: 3d, raytracer, rendering, bsp

> short_description: CSG is short for the Constructive Solid Geometry, a modelling technique that combine 3D solids.

Reviewer: I don't think we need the `the` article here. Also, I believe that `modeling` is spelt with 1 `l`.
```suggestion
short_description: CSG is short for Constructive Solid Geometry, a modeling technique that combine 3D solids.
```

topic: csg
wikipedia_url: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constructive_solid_geometry
---

> CSG is short for the Constructive Solid Geometry, a modelling technique that allows a modeler to create a complex surface or object by using [Boolean](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boolean_data_type) [operators](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operator_(programming)) ( such as union and intersection)to combine [simpler objects](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geometric_primitive).

Reviewer: Let me know what you think of these grammatical edits
```suggestion
CSG is short for Constructive Solid Geometry, a modeling technique that allows a modeler to create a complex surface or object by using [Boolean](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boolean_data_type) [operators](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operator_(programming)), such as union and intersection, to combine [simpler objects](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geometric_primitive).
```
